Added section to CONTRIBUTING.md for targeting mobile platforms (#2350)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CONTRIBUTING.md

To build any of `Sentry.Maui`, `Sentry.Maui.Tests`, or `Sentry.Samples.Maui`, you'll need to have .NET SDK 6.0.400 or greater installed, and have installed the MAUI workloads installed, either through Visual Studio setup, or by running `dotnet workload restore` (or `dotnet workload install maui`) from the Sentry source code root directory.
You may also need other platform dependencies.  See https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/maui/ for details.  Basically, if you can build and run the "MyMauiApp" example you should also be able to build and run the Sentry MAUI sample app.

### Targeting Android, iOS and macCatalyst

> Although the files in `/src/Sentry/Platforms/` are part of the `Sentry` project, they are [conditionally targeted](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/blob/b1bfe1efc04eb4c911a85f1cf4cd2e5a176d7c8a/src/Sentry/Sentry.csproj#L19-L21) when the platform is Android, iOS or macCatalyst and currently we compile these _only when building on a Mac_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the files in `/src/Sentry/Platforms/` are part of the `Sentry` project, they are [conditionally targeted](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/blob/b1bfe1efc04eb4c911a85f1cf4cd2e5a176d7c8a/src/Sentry/Sentry.csproj#L19-L21) when the platform is Android, iOS or macCatalyst.  We build for Android on all platforms, but currently compile iOS and macCatalyst _only when building on a Mac_.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```xml
```
